feat(DCF-1446): Assign MFA policy on login (#1106)
uc-cdis/fence: docs/fence_multifactor_authentication_guide.md

# Fence Multifactor Authentication Guide

Fence is capable of using token claims from IdPs to identify when multifactor authentication (MFA) was used during the authentication process.

## File Level Enforcement

> To restrict access to files to user who've authenticated with MFA, the following resource *MUST* be present for indexd record:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restrict access to files to user who've authenticated with MFA, the following resource *MUST* be present in the indexd record's `authz`:
```
